1. Set up job values - from AutoTimelapse - DONE
1.1. Retrieve from configuration file
1.2. Loop through each source for keys and values
1.3. Set the date to focus on

2. Identify the Sources - from AutoTimelapse - DONE
2.1. Retrieve the source detail from the configuration file
2.2. Set up all the variables names required

3. Identify the Folders - from AutoTimelapse - DONE BUT NOT MERGE AND UPLOAD CALLS
3.1. Get a collection of folders by most recent first
3.2. Create the regular expression for each source then create a collection of folder names for each source
3.3. Process each source
3.3.1. Set up the variables
3.3.2. Call Create Timelapse function
3.3.3. Call Merge Timelapse
3.3.4. If Switch enabled, Call Upload Timelapse
3.3.5. Remove source images older than retension date <- TODO: Maybe shift this to the Create Video area on successful completion
3.4. Remove output videos older than retension date

4. Create the Videos -InputFolder -OutputFilename -DateStart -DateEnd
4.1. Confirm the dates
4.2. Set up the variables
4.3. Get a collection of files between the dates
4.4. Process based on the number of images:
		If more than Zero Then 
			Prepare the regular expression
			Identify the first image number
			Create the output filename
			Identify the last image number
			Calculate the number of frames
			Set up the arguments for ffmpeg
			Invoke ffmpeg to create the timelapse video
		Else
			Write a status message to the log
		End

5. Merge the Videos -OuputFolder -DateMerge
5.1. Confirm the date
5.2. Get a collection of files in the Outputfolder
5.3. Create the regular expression for each source
5.4. Create a collection of filenames that match the regular expressions
5.5. Create the merged filenames
5.6. Process Each Source
		If More than one video to process - build a merge file
			Create a merge file to hold the details of all the videos to be merged
			Add an entry to the merge file for each video to be merged
			Set up the merge arguments
			Invoke ffmpeg to merge the timelapse videos
			If the timelapse video was successfully merge, delete the original videos
		Else If Just one video to process - rename the file
			Rename the video to the correct name
		Else If No videos to process - log this fact
			Write a status message to the log
		End

6. Upload the Videos -DateUpload 
6.1. Import video processing module
6.2. Confirm the date
6.3. Retrieve the parameters from the settings file
6.4. Process Each Source
6.4.1. Set the parameters
6.4.2. Push location to upload folder
6.4.3. Call upload
6.4.4. Pop location
6.5. Write status to log

7. Clean Up the Folders
7.1. Retrieve the retention days from the settings file
7.2. Remove files from the source folders older than the retention days
7.3. Remove timelapse files that have been merged
7.4. Remove output files that are oler than the retention days


TODO: Can't pass a date to Merge-Timelapse because it uses the pre-built filters, and this is fine for now
